Update to latest SDK. Add Docker image. (#168)
Sovereign-Labs/rollup-starter: README.md

Learn more in our [Observability Tutorial](https://sovlabs.notion.site/Tutorial-Getting-started-with-Grafana-Cloud-17e47ef6566b80839fe5c563f5869017?pvs=74).

## Docker Image 

Each release of relay-chain ships with a pre-built docker image: 

```bash 
docker run --rm \
  -v $(pwd)/configs/celestia/rollup.toml:/rollup/configs/celestia/rollup.toml:ro \
  -v rollup-data:/rollup/rollup-state \
  -p 12346:12346 \
  ghcr.io/Sovereign-Labs/rollup-starter/relay-chain:latest
```

> Note: If your host blocks io_uring, add `--security-opt seccomp=unconfined` to your docker run command, or set up acustom seccomp profile allowing the `io_uring_*` syscalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If your host blocks io_uring, add `--security-opt seccomp=unconfined` to your docker run command, or set up a custom seccomp profile allowing the `io_uring_*` syscalls.
```

Author: Fixed
